[MTA 8.2.0] New mta-ops guide (#383)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-ops/proc_exporting-manifests-from-the-source-cluster.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.7
:_template-generated: 2026-07-07
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="exporting-manifests-from-the-source-cluster_{context}"]
= Exporting manifests from the source cluster

[role="_abstract"]

> To capture your application’s deployment configuration, export the manifests to a local directory. You can use role impersonation if you lack direct access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To capture your application’s deployment configuration, export the manifests to a local directory. You can use role impersonation if you do not have direct access.
```
